Ingress lab (#8)
f5devcentral/modern_app_jumpstart_workshop: docs/ingress/argocd.md

```

Now, apply the manifest:
`kubectl apply -f argocd_brewz.yml`

## View the Argo CD Application
1. Open the Argo CD UDF Access Method under the K3s server
  ![Argo CD Sync](..//assets/argo_sync.jpg)
1. Click on the argo-cd-demo application in the Argo CD UI and inspect the deployed services and policies
  - You should see the individual services as well as the rate-limit-policy from day 1 of the workshop

## Inspect the NGINX Ingress Controller Configuration

> Now that Argo CD has deployed out application lets take a look at the NGINX Ingress Controller Virtual Server resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that Argo CD has deployed our application let's take a look at the NGINX Ingress Controller Virtual Server resources.
```

Author: updated

        f:labels:
          .:
          f:app.kubernetes.io/instance:
      f:spec:
        .:
        f:host:
        f:routes:
        f:upstreams:
    Manager:         argocd-application-controller
    Operation:       Update
    Time:            2022-06-29T01:36:47Z
  Resource Version:  4200
  UID:               347d8e8d-bfa4-4bb9-9df5-cb62a2785af0
Spec:
  Host:  brewz.f5demo.com
  Routes:
    Action:
      Pass:  spa
    Path:    /
    Action:
      Pass:  api
    Path:    /api
    Policies:
      Name:  rate-limit-policy
    Action:
      Proxy:
        Rewrite Path:  /images
        Upstream:      api
    Path:              /images
  Upstreams:
    Name:     spa
    Port:     80
    Service:  spa
    Name:     api
    Port:     8000
    Service:  api
Status:
  External Endpoints:
    Ip:     10.1.1.5
    Ports:  [80,443]
  Message:  Configuration for default/brewz was added or updated
  Reason:   AddedOrUpdated
  State:    Valid
```

A few items of interest in the output:
- Spec.Routes.Action: 
  - "/" -> spa
  - "/api" -> api
    - with a policy named rate-limit-policy
  - "/images" -> rewrite policy to the api upstream

# Next Steps

> Now that you have a base application deployed, lets take a deeper look at the [VirtualServer resource](virtualserver.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a base application deployed, let's take a deeper look at the [VirtualServer resource](virtualserver.md).
```

Author: updated
